Parks Canada expectations
Inform conservation plannig: implementers/users/policy makers:
- Protect, sustainably manage and restore/recover areas and species
- Plan and implement actions with local/regional/national partners

GEOBON expectations
Implement regional BON in the HBJBL that is able to:
- Monitor and evaluate biodiversity state and change

1. Do we have a comprehensive list of potential frameworks?
2. Is such a thing of global/strategic, carbon espcific and dual frameworks?
3. Are these frameworks complementary, exclusive, nested?
4. Can we categorized these frameworks in (say): must be included (green), may be (yellow)?
5. Can we categorized potential invetees in: must be inviteed (green), may be (yellow)?

Next steps:
Reorganize preliminary findings (we can keep using the table)
We need to distribute our preliminary findings to the planning team for validation.
Incorporate comments/suggestions from planning team
Then, then send invitations for the workshop. 
Describe our findings, including every single framework as a part of our white paper (we can use a table to summarized finding but we need to breafly describe each framework (say in one/two pages and references/figures), so let's organize a content template)
Identify examples of cases studies of relevant tools and approaches.
Identidy variables/metrics used in these approaches (it will be great to connec with the GEO bon EESVs and EBVs).

shoban@mortonarb.org


conceptual frameworks (broad)....

set of tools/methods/

espatial explicit

carbon storage....

multifunctional ecosystem services

how the model fits into the ecosystem services...

how to group them..


Ecosystem account... models...NY, Canada Fran
Rebecca chaplin (Global)...


Transferability in other ecosystems...(what is needed?)



I'm not quite sure, because (as far as I know) these are rather trying to explore the linkages on how ES are based on biodiv. - and not simply the overlaps, spatially - that might be a bit easier.

Thanks for a productive meeting.  Just to summarized
1. Summary of frameworks (Flavio)
2. Summarize carbon storage/services group of models (Amanda)
3. Review model transferability (Ágnes)
4. Dual models biodiversity and carbon (Wneyuan and Juan)

Please feel free to build your own tables to summarize your findings, then we need to describe them (say in one/two pages + references/figures).
Please add potential invetees.
Identify examples of cases studies of relevant tools and approaches.
Identidy variables/metrics used in these approaches (it will be great to connect with the GEO BON EESVs and EBVs).




























